# Explanation of solution files
Solving instances with a MILP solver (CPLEX) or a variant of the hybrid local search approach produces different output. Any result folder should be labelled with the approach used to generate the results in it.

## Result files for instances solved with (hybrid) local search
- `<datettime>_<instancename>_solution.txt` : a dump of the eventlist associated with the best known solution. Consists of $n$ lines with two numbers. The first represents the event type (0: start; 1: completion), the second the job index (0, ..., $n-1$).
- `best_improve.txt` : a text-file containing a list of all iterations that the current best solution was improved during the search.
- `solution.csv` : human-readable representation of the solution, if a feasible solution was found.

## Result files for instances solved with CPLEX
- `cplex.log` : dump of the logs generated by CPLEX while solving the model.
- `<datettime>_<instancename>_timings.txt` : reports the time (as measured by the calling code, not CPLEX itself) needed for solving the model.
- (optional) `solution.csv` : human-readable representation of the solution, if a feasible solution was found.

### File format definition for solution.csv
The file contains on successive (labeled) rows (lines):
- `LABELS` Contains string representations of the plannable events in the order that they occur. E.g. `S_1` is that start event of job 1.
- `JOB ID` Contains the associated job ID of the events in the order that they occur.
- `EVENT TYPE` Contains a representation of the type of the events in the order that they occur (0 = start, 1 = completion).
- `TIME` Contains the timestamp at which the events occur.
- `RESOURCE JOB x` One row for every job in the problem, containing the amount of resources assigned to the job at each interval. An interval is defined by the event at its start.

An example solution-file (for five jobs) might look as follows:
```
LABELS;S_1;C_1;S_4;C_4;S_0;S_2;C_0;C_2;S_3;C_3
JOB ID;1;1;4;4;0;2;0;2;3;3
EVENT TYPE;0;1;0;1;0;0;1;1;0;1
TIME;0.73;1.9667346938775507;2.06;3.7553578336557063;5.53;5.76;7.160136986301369;9.565808;9.565808;12.489408000000001
RESOURCE JOB 0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;2.014800000000001;12.265199999999998;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0
RESOURCE JOB 1;12.12;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0
RESOURCE JOB 2;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;22.738224657534232;60.14177534246576;0.0;0.0;0.0
RESOURCE JOB 3;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;73.09;0.0
RESOURCE JOB 4;0.0;0.0;35.06;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0;0.0
```
Note: The events in this representation are displayed after being sorted on the value of their time of occurrence ($t_i$). Events that happen simultaneously may be displayed in a different order than the original internal respresentation. This should be kept in mind when looking at the resource values for these intervals.
